Taxii2Server: typo in an output type (#26312)
demisto/content: Packs/TAXIIServer/ReleaseNotes/2_0_33.md

#### Integrations
##### TAXII2 Server

> - Fixed a typo in the *intrusion-set* type output.

Reviewer: Is it correct that due to this typo, we were creating wrong indicator types? if so let's write this
```suggestion
- Fixed a bug where the integration created wrong indicator types instead of the *intrusion-set* type.
```
